Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
-(car horn honks)
-(indistinct chatter)
MULLHULLAND:
Citizens of Denver.
we are in the middle
of an environmental crisis.
The winters are bringing
less and less snow.
And now. we are facing a drought
due to the effects
of Global ManBearPig.
-A drought?
-(overlapping chatter)
-What? No.
-ManBearPig?
-What? ManBearPig?
ALL of Denver's water comes from
streams up in the mountains.
but now. ManBearPig
has decimated these areas
and wreaked havoc
on the upper mountain streams.
And so. effective immediately.
we are declaring a drought
and cutting back
on all the city's water.
-No!
-You can't do that!
-(overlapping shouting)
What about our
homeowners' association rules?
Some of us are required
to have nice. green lawns.
You expect us to have
-nice. brown lawns?
-(overlapping shouting)
I own 12 golf courses
in the Denver Metro area.
You're not cutting down
on my damn water.
Have you all forgotten
about the Pi Pi?
I have Denver's
largest water park.
All water parks are 50% pee
and 50% water.
You-you can't forget
about a Pi Pi.
Nobody wants to lose the water.
but we're in a drought.
-(shouting stops)
-MULHULLAND: There simply isn't
enough water coming to Denver
from up in the mountains.
And the water up there
is being used
for farms and agriculture.
What kind of agriculture?
* *
* Da. da. da. da.
da. da. da. da *
* Da. da. da. da. *
How's it looking?
They still look dry.
Okay. then I'm gonna
open the reserves.
* If you ain't taking care
of business *
* This you must expect... *
Yeah!
* When it's wet *
* Oh. come on... *
(laughing)
* Oh! *
* Come on *
* Oh! Yeah *
* Slippery when it's wet *
* Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo *
* Slippery. slippery *
* Slippery when it's wet. *
* *
(overlapping chatter. laughter)
CARTMAN:
Yeah. and so.
and so then. so then
Clyde said that if a chick
uses hairspray.
you can actually
light her head on fire.
Nuh-uh.
Yeah-huh. Tolkien.
You guys want to see?
Kenny. do you have matches?
Yeah. of course I have matches.
Check this out. you guys.
-BUS DRIVER: Eric Cartman.
-(bus brakes)
Eric Cartman.
What? You're ruining it.
This is your stop.
Oh. Right.
Scuse-scuse me.
Hey. Hey. guys.
You want to come hang out
at my house for a bit?
Uh. no. that's cool.
It's not my fault
that my mom lost her job
and we had to move. you guys.
It's really not so bad.
Uh. yeah. maybe some other time.
CARTMAN:
My house is cool. you guys.
-Kenny. you want to come chill?
-I'm cool. dude.
It's still way better
than your house. Kenny!
'Cause your family's poor!
Your family's poor. Kenny.
Hi. honey. How was school?
Fuck you. Mom.
You doing anything. Tolkien?
You want to come over
to my house. play a board game?
Oh. um.
I should probably go home.
Well. okay. you want to play
a game over at your house?
Yeah. uh. I-I don't know.
Sorry. I'm just...
not in the best mood. I guess.
Hey. are you still worried
about Karen?
Yeah.
Yeah. me. too.
But we all have to try
to just be happy. you know?
No matter what happens
with Karen.
You're right. Okay. come on.
RANDY:
Hey.
Stan. where do you think
you're going?
I'm gonna go hang out
at Tolkien's house
for a bit. Karen.
No. you're not.
Yes. I am. Karen.
You better knock that off.
I don't want you
playing with Tolkien.
Karen. just come back inside.
I've told you
I don't want our son
hanging out with those people.
And exactly what do you mean
by "those people"?
I mean traitors
who I hired to give my weed
more street cred.
and then go out and open
their own weed business.
You're not the only weed grower
in this valley.
But I was supposed to be
the only Black one.
WATER COMMISSIONER:
Excuse me.
You the owners of these farms?
I own Tegridy Weed.
the original marijuana farm
on this street.
Okay. and your name is...
His name is Karen Marsh.
You better get that fucking name
out your fucking mouth.
Well. gentlemen.
I'm the Water Commissioner.
Colorado Division
of Water Resources.
I'm here to find out
exactly what's going on
with the city's water. Weed?
The city's water?
Well. you see. the water here
is supposed to make its way
to all the thirsty people
down in Denver.
And. uh...
Well. there's a lot
of thirsty people down there.
I just want to see
how much you farmers
are actually using.
Okay. well. we can show you...
Well. you should check
out his fucking farm.
If you're. if you're gonna
check out anyone's water.
it should be his.
All right. maybe I'll do that.
(car door opens. closes)
(engine starts)
CARTMAN:
* I live in a hot dog *
* On a lonely old hill *
* People make fun of me *
* And that's not cool *
* I'm isolated from my friends *
* Against my will *
* My possessions
are now condiments *
* And that is not cool *
* And I don't want
to live like this *
* You don't know how I feel *
* I've got no room to grow *
* And it is just so not cool *
* Just once in my life.
I'd like cool stuff to happen *
* Everything keeps changing.
and I'm not adapting *
* I'm crying like a girl.
and it's super not cool *
* And I just want
something cool to happen *
* To me *
* I've lived through such pain *
* The word's been so cruel *
* Something's got to happen.
something that's cool *
* I just want something cool
to happen... *
This is it. right here.
* To me. *
REALTOR:
Okay. right this way.
Mr. Cussler.
You are going to love
this property.
It's over 30 acres. and it's
in a real up-and-coming area.
I think you could build
an amazing home here.
Yes. Yes. I believe I could.
REALTOR:
Now. it's about an hour commute
from where you are in Denver.
but I think the potential here
is fabulous.
TALNUA CUSSLER:
Oh. yes.
It looks absolutely ideal.
Do you like to entertain?
Because you could easily build
a ten-bedroom house
on this property.
You could have a dedicated gym.
even a full-size movie theater.
Full-size movie theater?
If you want. we can walk
around the property.
-It's a bit muddy. but we can...
-That won't be necessary.
I'll take it.
Full asking price. Cash.
Oh-oh-oh.
Da Da.
-(knock on door)
-Yes. Come in.
Mom said you wanted to see me.
Yes. Shelley. have a seat.
Close the door. please.
(Randy clears throat)
I've been. uh. wanting
to talk to you. Shelley.
Um...
Can you tell me why everyone
is calling me "Karen"?
Don't worry about it.
Well. everybody
keeps calling me Karen.
and I don't get it.
Is it. is it. like.
a joke or something?
"Karen" is a pejorative term
for a white person
who acts overly entitled
and demanding.
Okay. well. that's fucked up.
Don't you think that's
a little. like. sexist?
I didn't start it.
Well. who did?
The Internet.
So-so now somebody is a Karen
just 'cause they want
to be treated with some respect?
I deserve to not have people
walk all over me. okay?
I have the right to call
the cops when things happen.
That's fine. Karen.
Shelley. I deserve to not have--
What the fuck is he doing here?
Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
Excuse me. this is my property.
Your soil seems very hydrated.
Must be getting lots of water.
What are you saying.
that I use too much?
I use the water that my crops
need and nothing more.
Is that a Slip 'N Slide
over there?
That is an agricultural
Slip 'N Slide. yes.
Apparently. you know nothing
about farming.
Look. if you have
any excess of water.
you might actually make some
money. that's all I'm saying.
Make money? Wait. what?
You heard of water transfers?
See. you have a lease
to use some of the water
from your stream here.
but what you don't use.
you could actually sell
the rights to.
I already talked
to your neighbor about it.
Yeah. well. see. the thing is.
this farm is about Tegridy.
not stupid water rights.
And if you want to keep
coming here and bugging me.
then I would like to speak
to your manager
because you are harassing me.
and I am important.
Well. have a nice day. Karen.
It's Randy!
I know what Karen means.
I'm not stupid.
(video game guns blasting)
What the water commissioner
said is true.
We have water rights
to use 10.000 gallons
a month off our stream.
If we could cut back our
agricultural water use by 50%
and show that our excess water
is making it down
to the Denver Reservoir.
then we'd have
the right to sell it.
You really think so?
I was a financial consultant
before I was a weed farmer--
there's potential here.
But how do we
even prove the water
from our farms makes it
all the way to Denver?
-Raingutter regatta.
-What?
We made those little boats
in online COVID camp. remember?
Oh. yeah. I bet we could
float that down our stream.
We demonstrate
where the water goes.
and meanwhile.
we start selling off
pieces of our water rights
to subscribers that want it.
Boys. can you
build me a test boat?
Sure.
We're about to start
our very own...
streaming service.
* Whores in this house *
* There's some whores
in this house *
* There's some whores in this
house. there's some whores *
-* In this house *
-* I said certified freak *
* Seven days a week *
* Wet-ass pussy.
make that pullout game weak *
-* Woo. yeah *
-* Ah *
* Yeah. yeah *
* Yeah. yeah.
you fucking with some *
* Wet-ass pussy.
bring a bucket *
* And a mop
for this wet-ass pussy... *
TOLKIEN'S DAD:
The Credigree Weed
streaming service.
We are currently in beta testing
to see if our stream
makes it to Denver.
but if it does. we are seeing
if there are any
interested subscribers.
-(overlapping shouting)
-* Give me everything you got
for this *
* Wet-ass pussy. beat it up.
baby. catch a charge *
* Extra large and extra hard.
put this pussy... *
Come on.
* Swipe your nose
like a credit card *
* Hop on top. I want to ride.
I do a kegel *
* While it's inside. spit
in my mouth. look in my eyes *
* This pussy is wet.
come take a dive *
* Tie me up like I'm surprised *
* Let's roleplay.
I'll wear a disguise *
* I want you to park
that big Mack truck *
* Right in this little garage *
* Make it cream.
make me scream *
* Out in public. make a scene.
I don't cook. I don't clean *
-* But let me tell you
how I got this ring *
-* Ayy. ayy *
* Gobble me. swallow me.
drip down the side of me *
* Quick. jump out 'fore you let
it get inside of me. I tell *
* Him where to put it. never
tell him where I'm 'bout to be *
* I'll run down on him 'fore
I have a-- ayy-- runnin' me *
* Talk your shit.
bite your lip *
* Ask for a car
while you ride that dick *
* You really ain't never got to
fuck him for a thang *
* He already made his mind up
'fore he came *
* Now get your boots
and your coat *
* For this wet-ass pussy *
* He bought a phone
just for pictures *
* Of this wet-ass pussy *
* Paid my tuition just to *
* Kiss me on this
wet-ass pussy *
* Now make it rain
if you want to see some *
-* Wet-ass pussy *
-* Now from the top.
make it drop *
* That's some wet-ass pussy.
now get a bucket *
* And a mop.
that's some wet-ass pussy *
* I'm talkin' WAP. WAP. WAP.
that's some *
* Wet-ass pussy *
* Macaroni in a pot *
* That's some wet-ass pussy *
* Huh *
* Whores in this house *
* There's some whores in this
house. there's some whores *
* In this house. there's some
whores in this house *
* There's some whores
in this house. there's some... *
-Yeah! We did it! Yeah!
-We totally did it. dude.
As you can see. the water
from Credigree Farms flows
directly into
Denver's water supply.
Well. in that case.
I suppose all your subscribers
get to have more water
from the reservoir.
Ah. Oh.
You all make-a Pi Pi so happy.
Now. my water park
can have a-plenty a-water
to mix with all-a the pee.
Of course.
you will have to prove
that the flow of water
is constant.
We'll need a little boat
to come through
to the reservoir every day.
Every day?
Boys. I'm gonna need you to make
a lot more boats for my stream.
How do you feel about...
20 bucks a boat?
20 bucks a boat? Hell yeah.
We're gonna be rich. dude.
Mom. Mom. I need to talk to you.
Come on. sit down.
Eric. if you're going
to yell at me again
about our home. I really
don't have the strength.
No. Mom.
I'm never gonna need
to yell at you ever again.
We're gonna
get out of here. Mom.
What are you talking about?
I've figured our way
out of this hot dog.
I don't know if you've seen.
but there's a rich guy
building a big house
across the street.
We can live in that house. Mom.
We can have him take care of us.
Eric. how would we do that?
Because we are gonna get you...
fake tits.
What?
Breast implants. Mom.
That's what rich guys like.
You remember
what Matt Damon said?
Fortune favors the brave. Mom.
When rich guys come up here
and get one look at you with
your big. sweet tits. they're
gonna give us everything...
Eric. that's enough. okay?
What do you mean it's enough?
I've-I've figured it all out.
Rich guys want a woman
with nice titties. Mom.
-It's very...
-Okay.
Eric. I'm not comfortable
talking about this.
Well. I'm not comfortable
living in a fucking hot dog.
We live here because I gave in
to you and quit my job.
What do you want from me. Eric?
I want you
to get breast implants. Mom.
(sniffles)
So-so that rich guys like you.
and we can go live
in a sweet house.
Please. Mom.
I just want you
to get fake tits.
Eric. even if I wanted to.
the fact is. we can't afford it.
A surgery like that
is very expensive.
Like. how expensive?
At least $10.000.
$10.000?
Yes. Eric.
We can't afford it?
We can't afford it.
Chief.
-Chief. there's a big problem.
-What is it?
We've got a code red
emergency call on 911.
It's Karen.
Oh. not Karen again.
Jesus Christ.
(phone beeps)
Yes. Karen.
how can we help you this time?
Okay. first of all.
I know what it means
when you call me Karen.
so you can just knock it off.
Secondly. secondly.
my neighbor's kid
is over here at my house.
There's a kid trespassing
at your house?
No. my son invited him over
for lunch. and my wife is making
him hot dogs and tater tots.
even though I said
I don't want him here.
Well. then what harm
is he doing. Karen?
His family farm is shady.
Did you know that they're
doing a streaming service?
I demand that you investigate.
How did they manage
to even show that their water
goes through to Denver?
Hello? Are you listening to me?
I want to talk to your manager.
I've already told you. Karen.
I don't have a manager.
Thanks. Mrs. Marsh.
Can you believe that?
The cops aren't even
gonna do anything.
Oh. well. at least
you tried. Karen.
-(chair scrapes floor)
-It just doesn't make sense.
How is that traitor
able to prove his water
makes it down to Denver?
Well. um...
maybe he got some
creative people
to put something on his stream.
Yeah. I'll bet you he did.
He's got to be paying
some expert or something.
Oh. if I could find that guy.
I'd pay him double.
Well. you know. at camp.
they had us build these...
little boats. that. uh...
They're kind of tough
to make. but...
I think that we could
make you something.
And then we could float
the boats downstream
from the farm
with little Tegridy sails
on them to show people
where the water's coming from.
Could you guys build me
a test boat right away?
Oh. uh. yeah. we could probably
build you something. yeah.
I can't wait to see the look
on that traitor's face
when he sees that we're
in the streaming business. too.
Last night. I had a dream
that Ariana Grande
was trying to fuck
her own ass with a gun.
but then she farted.
and blood shot out her dick.
(laughs) Ariana Grande?
That's hilarious.
STAN:
Kyle.
Kenny. You guys. get over here.
Sit down. you guys.
We need to talk.
What's going on. dude?
Check this out.
Where'd you get that?
Making stuff
for streaming services.
Holy shit. Really?
We made these
for my family's farm.
Then we took another deal
to make them for Stan's.
So then we went out
and offered boats to. like.
three other farms.
and now they want stuff
for their streams. too.
-So. you guys want to help us?
-I don't get it.
You don't have to.
We don't. either.
You just have to make boats.
But we want to keep it
on the low
because we don't want
other kids copying us.
Are you guys
gonna have Cartman help?
No. He'll fuck it
all up somehow.
Okay. I'm in.
(sighs) Fuck.
Faster. Work faster.
We need to be up and running.
WATER COMMISSIONER:
Excuse me.
Mr. Cussler. is it?
Who are you?
I'm the water commissioner.
I just. uh. wanted to see
what you're up to up here.
I'm not up to anything. Why?
Well. you know. there's a lot
of streaming services
starting up
in this town. and. uh...
word on the street is you might
be trying to outdo them all.
They're all just
small time creeks.
When it comes
to the Streaming Wars.
I intend to be
the Amazon... River.
Yeah. well. you see.
there's regulations.
Mr. Cussler.
There's state rules
when it comes to streaming.
And. uh. well.
if you don't follow them.
bad things can happen.
Is that right? Boys?
I'm not some pissant
little farmer. Commissioner.
You want to threaten me.
I'll threaten you right back.
I didn't mean
to threaten you. sir.
In fact.
I think I can help you.
(school bell rings)
We've only got
20 minutes left. you guys.
We've got to work faster.
I'm waiting on more
popsicle sticks.
Come on. Butters. you have to
speed up your station.
I'm sucking down popsicles
as fast as I can. fellas.
There you guys are.
How come you're in
the home ec room during recess?
Are those popsicle stick boats?
Oh. yeah. We're just making
some popsicle boats.
We're gonna. you know. like.
race them. you know.
You're gonna race
all those popsicle boats?
Yeah. just. you know.
race them. see which one wins.
Right-right. fellas?
Oh. That sounds
like a fun activity. Um...
I was just gonna ask you guys.
do you know any way
to. like. raise money?
What do you mean?
We have no idea
what you're talking about.
Okay. I just...
I need to try and raise
some money because...
my mom needs to have a surgery.
and we can't afford it.
Oh. Dude...
How much does your mom
need for her surgery?
About $10.000.
I'm sorry. you guys.
Just go back to your boat races.
I'll talk to you later.
Cartman. wait.
You actually can help us.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Look. dude. we're
actually making money
for a streaming service.
-Really?
-TOLKIEN: Yeah. come on.
You can help us. and we'll
cut you in on the profits.
Oh. my God. what-what
streaming service is it?
It's a bunch of different ones.
Here. help me
cut out these masts.
Okay. yeah. sure.
And. Cartman. I'm sorry.
Thanks. Kyle.
* *
It's a green boat.
(crowd cheering)
Anyone on the green boat
streaming service
can have their allotment
of water for the day.
Oh. here comes the white boat.
(crowd cheering)
Subscribers to
Kush Country Farms
Streaming service
have their allotments.
Escusi. Escusi.
Pi Pi's been a-waiting
all day for his water ticket.
My water park need water.
You'll just have to be patient.
There's a lot of different
streaming services now.
Yes. there's a-too many
streaming services.
There's a streaming service
for this-a.
and streaming service
for that-a.
Pi Pi can't find his stuff-a.
Why can't-a Pi Pi just have
a one streaming service
have-a everything?
Pi Pi got a streaming service
he like-a.
and then-a
Pi Pi's stuff not on it.
Pi Pi so confuse-a.
(scanner beeping)
Yeah. yeah. we're getting
more supplies now.
You guys just
keep building boats.
We'll be there fast as we can.
Dude. I'm starting to think
we took on too much.
-It's okay.
-It's not okay.
We haven't even finished
Karen's boats yet.
I do not want to piss Karen off.
Tolkien. I've told you.
don't worry about Karen.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Hello. boys. That's quite
a haul you have there.
My name is Mr. Cussler.
I bought some property up here.
I've been asking around.
and. uh...
I believe you're the ones
responsible...
for these?
-Maybe.
-Fantastic little boats.
I'm a big fan of your work.
I have a nice stream
going through my property.
and I'd like you
to make something for me.
-Oh. we're-we're pretty. uh...
-We're pretty loaded up. man.
Oh. I'm sure you are.
That's why I'd like to make you
an exclusive deal.
I want 10.000
of your little boats.
and I'll pay you $15.000.
BOTH:
$15.000?
But I'm gonna need them
right away. Say three days?
I have... big plans.
Dude. we can't make 10.000 boats
in three days.
We'll do it.
Cartman. come on.
that looks like shit.
Come on what. Kyle?
Look. I-I know we're making
a lot of these.
but we still have to
make them look nice.
-Does it really matter?
-Yes. it matters.
The streaming services
are paying for nice boats.
BUTTERS:
(laughs) They don't
give a fuck. Kyle.
They're gonna take
everything they can get.
Everyone knows.
at the end of the day.
there's only gonna be. like.
three streaming services.
so they. like. everyone
just wants to have their shit
on their stream
and get bought out. you know?
And they don't give a fuck
how good anything is.
And the people who made all the
deals. they don't give a fuck
'cause they're all gonna get
fired anyway. you know?
And everyone working
at this streaming service
is now working over
at that streaming service.
No one gives a shit about
what fucking goes on in it.
Butters. I-I think you've had
too many popsicles.
Yeah. I think maybe I've had
one too many popsicles.
(door opens)
You guys. you guys. we did it.
KENNY:
What'd we do?
We just got an offer
for 10.000 boats.
It's $15.000. you guys.
That's almost $3.000 each.
-We're millionaires!
-Whoo-hoo!
Hey. hey. aren't you guys
forgetting something?
Cartman's mom's surgery?
Oh. right.
Well. what do you say. guys?
With this money.
before we do anything.
we pay for Cartman's
mom's surgery.
You definitely have
my share. Eric.
Mine. too.
I really...
really... don't fucking
deserve you guys.
Come on. let's get to work.
(water pipes creaking)
NEWS REPORTER (over TV):
Just how bad could
the water situation get
for Park County farmers
this summer?
A new study says
this year's snowpack
has almost completely
melted. and. once again.
ManBearPig is to blame.
That's right. Tom.
It appears ManBearPig
has done a lot more damage this
year than originally predicted.
As the spring thaws continue.
we simply aren't seeing
that much water
from way up
on the mountain peaks.
If ManBearPig
is truly out there.
then farmers might want
to start looking
at the state
of that snowpack. Tom.
* *
Over here.
Here!
What is all this? What happened?
The housing market up here...
it went crazy.
We've just been
selling properties
without sleeping or eating.
This property here
was the last to get an offer.
The seller countered.
but we haven't heard back.
and it's really
a buyer's market.
Who's buying it all?
Some rich guy from the city.
(coughs)
But we are currently
taking backup offers.
if you'd like.
Do you have a broker?
We are really the best in town.
My coworker Janice
sold over 100 listings
in 72 hours.
Look at this.
They were right
about ManBearPig.
There's not nearly
as much snow as last year.
Yeah. There's a lot
you can do with this property.
It has explosive views
and a southern exposure
for those chilly winter nights.
You can't sell
all the land up here.
Can't you see
they just want the water?
That's probably why they asked
for the inspection contingency.
We countered
with an extra 20 days
until close of escrow.
(chuckles) We got them.
There's no snow up here.
There won't be enough water
for South Park.
You...
You could have
a walkout basement here
with room
for an outdoor kitchen.
Think of
the entertaining potential.
Do you like to entertain?
(yawns)
(chickens clucking)
(water rushing)
"Cussler Industries"?
Huh? Huh?
Oh!
* *
My streaming service!
* Happy surprise time *
* To you *
* Something's happened
that's cool... *
What is this. Eric?
* Just sit down right here *
* Your son has done
something cool. *
Are you ready. Mom?
(giggles) Yes.
What is it. sweetie?
-Wait a minute. Eric.
what is this?
-(door opens)
Okay. hello. Mrs. Cartman.
I'm Dr. Stevens.
I understand you're interested
in breast augmentation?
That's right. she is.
Well. there are a few options.
We prefer
the saline implants now.
They-they can be put
either under
the chest muscle or on top.
Did you have any idea what size
breasts you wanted to achieve?
The largest size.
Eric. I've told you
a hundred times.
I'm not getting a boob job.
Uh. I'm a bit confused here.
Mrs. Cartman.
Your procedure has already been
completely paid for.
-What?
-Surprise!
I raised all the money. Mom.
It's done.
No. Eric. I said
I don't want breast implants.
You said we couldn't afford it.
I went out.
and I worked every day.
and I got you the money
for new tits. Mom.
I'm fine with my body
the way it is.
You are. but rich guys aren't.
Am I right. Doctor?
Okay. uh. Mrs. Cartman.
if you'd like to just go back
up to the front office.
they can refund all the money.
No! No. Doctor. please.
I live in a hot dog!
Because he made me quit my job.
and I promised myself
I wouldn't give in
to him ever again.
Get fake tits or else
I'll call the police. Mom.
Do what you want. Eric.
I am done with this.
Fine. then I'll run away.
You'll just have
to run away. then.
I'll go live with Grandma.
I'm sure Grandma
would love that.
I've given in to you
too many times. Eric.
It stops now.
You're not gonna give in. huh?
We'll just see about that.
Doctor. keep those tits on ice.
(door opens)
(door closes)
What is that?
It's... it's a little boat.
Stan. are you making stuff
for other streaming services?
Stanley? We had a deal.
Are you making stuff for other
streaming services. yes or no?
Yes. This guy paid us
a shitload of money.
I paid you a shitload of money.
Yeah. we make them
for whoever pays us.
We make stuff
for Credigree. too.
For Credigree?
They're the enemy. Stan.
You live here.
You're exclusive
to Tegridy Weed.
(scoffs) Everyone is fighting
and trying to get rich.
and we're just in the middle
doing our thing.
Doing your thing. Wow.
You're a fucking dick.
How much money's enough. Stan?
Cock-sucking cunt.
-What is going on?
-Oh. nothing.
Your son and his friends
just made exclusive deals
for multiple streaming services.
Ugh.
Oh. but I guess
that's just Karen
being Karen again. huh?
Yeah. screw whatever
Karen thinks.
Maybe it's bad for business.
but fuck Karen.
Okay. I'm sorry.
We're going to march right over
to where this guy lives.
and tell him that
you can't possibly take on
another streaming service
without sacrificing
-the quality of your product.
-Rats.
(clears throat)
Well. Mom. I guess
I'll be leaving now.
Oh. really? Where are you going?
I can't do this anymore. Mom.
If you won't listen to me. then
I really don't have a choice.
Well. I'm very sorry
to hear that. Eric.
I hope you take
good care of yourself.
Okay. well. I guess I'll just
ask you one more time
if you would please
get fake tits. I know...
I'm not getting
breast implants. Eric.
Okay. that's fine.
So. you're running away?
Oh. I'm not running away. Mom.
No. that would be
the easy way out.
You remember when
I told you how easy
breast enhancement would be.
and you said. "If it's so easy.
why don't you do it?"
Well. I'm taking
your advice. Mom.
If you won't get fake breasts.
then I will.
-What?
-I've already paid the clinic.
and I'll just tell them that
the implants were for me.
You know it's 2022. right?
You know they do surgeries
like this to kids now?
Guess I'll just go
and get fake tits. Mom.
Well. Eric. I guess
that's just your choice.
Mom. I'm serious. It's 2022.
They do these kinds
of surgeries to kids now.
Yes. I know.
Okay. well. then
I'm gonna go to the doctor.
and I'm gonna go get
breast implants.
Okay.
Okay. Mom.
I'm going out the door.
Okay. sweetie. be safe.
Gonna go get fake tits now.
If that's what you want. Eric.
It's not what I want. it's what
you're making me do. Mom.
Okay. honey. well. I love you.
-Okay. well. I'll see you.
-Bye. honey.
Gonna go get breast implants.
I'll come pick you up
when you're done.
Cool.
Come on.
Yes?
Hello. we'd like to speak
with Mr. Cussler. please.
For what?
Well. I want to let him know
that my son here
made a streaming deal
that he had no business making.
Didn't you. Stan?
No. technically. no.
Technically what?
I'm afraid
Mr. Cussler can't see you.
Oh. really? Okay. well.
you go and tell him
that it's Karen Marsh. okay?
And that I will talk
to him right now.
He can't talk to you
because he's dead.
What?
Mr. Cussler's body was found
several hours ago.
He was... attacked
by ManBearPig.
(indistinct radio chatter)
Everyone keep this area clear.
I need casts of the footprints.
Keep your radios down. We don't
want the press showing up.
What's going on here?
Aw. shit. it's Karen.
(officers grumbling)
Hey. look. my son
was in business with this guy.
You really think
he was killed by ManBearPig?
Take a look for yourself.
Something tore him apart
and shit in his face.
Workers found him
late this morning.
The footprints
are those of a pig.
but the claw marks
are those of a bear.
and the excrement.
clearly that of a man.
Why would ManBearPig
single him out?
Apparently. this Cussler guy
was taking advantage
of the water supply.
ManBearPig must've gotten
some kind of vengeance
for the rich guy's greed.
Oh. no.
Karen? What is it?
Karen?
It's just that...
if ManBearPig was getting
vengeance on Cussler.
would he also want
to come after my son?
(knock on door)
Ah. yes. Come on-a in.
It's a-open.
Hello. Pi Pi.
Do you have a minute?
Oh. my good friend
from-a Credigree Farm-a.
So nice a-you to visit.
Mwah. Mwah.
Look. Everything going good
for-a Pi Pi water park.
Everyone having fun.
Yes. that's what I came
to talk to you about.
Pi Pi. I'm sorry. but...
I'm going to have to cancel
my streaming service.
What? Cancel-a Pi Pi?
The drought is worse
than everyone thought.
ManBearPig did a lot
of damage this year and...
I don't have enough water
for my crops.
Oh. that's too bad.
It's too bad 'cause
now you fucked. a-huh?
I need my water rights back.
or else my farm won't survive.
Oh. you make-a Pi Pi cry.
What-a you expect-a. huh?
It's a drought everywhere.
Why you think I buy your water?
You can-a suck Pi Pi dick. huh?
Hey. you son of a bitch.
You knew what you were doing
the whole time.
You think I'm just gonna
sit here and take it?
I'll call
the water commissioner.
Oh. no. No. you-you don't
have to call him.
He's right here.
Afternoon. pal.
How's the drought treating you?
So. the water commissioner
was working
for you the whole time.
Well. I don't have a problem
kicking both of your asses.
Oh. I'd be a little more worried
about the other guy.
(roaring)
(screeching)
ManBearPig.
He's working for you. too?
Everybody wants to get
in the streaming business.
You're the one who bought
all the properties
on the mountaintop.
You just have it all
figured out. don't you?
Yeah. looks like-a Pi Pi
has it all pretty figured out.
Goddamn it. I'm not gonna
let you... (screams)
(screams)
(choking)
I'm sorry. Pi Pi can't hear you.
(screaming)
How is he?
I believe he's
coming to. Doctor.
(groaning)
Hello. Eric. Just want to let
you know everything went fine.
We're gonna let
the anesthesia wear off
a little more. and then
we can let you go home.
(stammers)
Okay. Um. cool.
CARTMAN'S MOM:
Well. you did it. Eric.
I hope you're happier now.
They all said
you were very insistent.
That you said you'd
cancel them if they didn't
put breast implants
in one of us.
I-I...
I-I have fake tits?
CARTMAN'S MOM:
They said that tube
is for draining blood
while the swelling goes down.
Your breasts are swollen now
as a reaction to the implants.
Okay. well. now that you see
how serious I was.
what're you gonna do now?
I'm gonna go down and
get some grocery shopping done.
Mom?
I will go to school like this.
You're gonna have to give in
at some point.
Mom?
(school bell rings)
Well. have you guys seen
Butters or Cartman?
-What the hell is going on?
-I don't know. but we have
a lot of boats to make.
and recess is almost over.
You guys. You guys.
There you are.
What's wrong dude?
Um. we need to stop making stuff
for streaming services.
What're you talking about?
It's all getting really weird.
The guy we made the deal with?
He was killed.
He was killed?
I think we got greedy.
I got greedy.
We should've never gotten
involved in the streaming wars.
They've upset
the balance of nature.
Hey. whoa. whoa. Stan.
We weren't greedy. okay?
We made the money
for a good reason.
Yeah. dude. Don't forget.
everything we did
was for a good cause.
CARTMAN:
You guys.
You guys. something
is seriously wrong with my mom.
She's acting crazy.
Are any of your parents
acting weird at all?
Hey. fellas. are we making more
boats for the-- Whoa. hello!
Jesus. what happened
to you. Eric?
Okay. okay. fine. I was hoping
everyone would just be cool.
but I guess we need to talk
about the elephants in the room.
This was not a choice.
You guys. I...
I live in a hot dog. okay?
And all I want
is to have a real home.
and a room that is mine
to sleep in at night.
To-- Is something funny. Clyde?
(stifled laughter)
Yeah. it's real funny.
If I were you guys.
I'd be super pissed
at my mom because you
worked hard for this money.
All right. Cartman.
stop fucking around.
Obviously. those aren't real.
I didn't say they're real.
They're not real.
They're silicone implants
surgically inserted
under the chest muscle.
Nobody believes
you actually got fake tits.
These are real fake tits.
Kenny. feel them.
Go on. feel them.
Those are fucking real. dude.
-What?
-Thank you. Kenny.
Now. if we can all get our minds
off fucking boobs
for a second.
something's happened to my mom.
TOLKIEN:
Mom? Mom. what's wrong?
Mom. slow down.
I can't understand you.
What do you mean Dad is missing?
See?
I want to congratulate you.
Pi Pi.
It appears you've won
the streaming wars.
And I want to thank-a you
for your service.
It's been-a nice
working with you.
(chuckles) You think it's over?
You're gonna need me
more than ever.
Oh. but. uh. but I have-a
everything I need now.
Water?
You silly little guy.
You really think you own
all the water now?
You know who actually
owns the water?
The State of Colorado.
Every drop that rains
from the sky.
Your little water rights
won't mean anything when Arizona
comes knocking. when Kansas
wants all their water.
Oh. no. You make-a Pi Pi worry.
You're gonna need me
for a long time. buddy.
You know who
really own the water?
Nobody.
Now. the people a Denver.
they think they have-a
plenty of water.
so they gonna go and use it all.
And when all
the water is-a gone.
there's only one thing left
for people to use.
The one thing that-a Pi Pi have
more than everybody. huh?
No. no. no. It's good.
It's completely safe.
Just a little salty. eh?
You're planning on selling piss?
It's-a. it's-a destiny.
All the fresh water go bye-bye.
Everybody gonna have to wash
their clothes in pee.
Brush their teeth in pee. no?
And who has the most pee
in all the land-a?
Only a psychopath
would speed up climate change
for his own profit.
Yeah. well. you see. ManBearPig.
eventually.
he gonna kill everybody.
He just gonna kill you first.
-(screaming)
-(roaring)
("Use Me"
by Bill Withers playing)
(water commissioner
continues screaming)
* They keep trying to tell me *
* All you want to do is use me *
* Uh-huh. but my answer *
* Yeah. to all that
use me stuff *
* I-I-I. yes. I want *
* To spread the news *
* That if it feels this good
getting used *
* Oh. you just keep on
using me... *
(laughter)
* Until you use me up *
* My brother *
* Sit me right down *
* And he talked to me *
* Uh-huh *
* And I want
to spread the news *
* That if it feels this good
getting used *
* Girl. you just
keep on using me *
* Until you use me up *
* They keep trying to tell me *
* All you want to do is use me *
* Uh-huh. but my answer *
* Uh-huh *
* Yeah. to all that
use me stuff *
* I-I-I. yes. I want
to spread the news *
* That if it feels this good
getting used *
* Oh. you just
keep on using me. *